LaserCalcUI, a laser optimizer for Brilliant Skies' game From the Depths
Written by Ao Kishuba (aokishuba@gmail.com)

For update notifications and useful links to my other documents, join my
Discord repository server: https://discord.gg/B7RrpZAA

---- HOW TO RUN ----
This package requires .NET 8.0 to run.
https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0
If running from the downloaded .zip file, run the executable "LaserCalcUI".
The link to download is available in my Discord repository, linked above.

---- TEST PARAMETERS ----
NOTE: Results for each test will be written to a .csv file in the LaserCalcUI
folder. Filenames are automatically generated from current time. An example
filename is "2021-07-04_09-12-11-12".

Stack Length: Max number of laser components in a row, excluding connectors.

Stack Count: Number of parallel rows of laser components.

Inline Doublers: Check if mounting doublers at the end of the rows. It is
better to mount doublers separately whenever possible.

Combiner Count: Number of Laser combiner and LAMS node blocks connected to
this system.

Min/Max Recharge Time: Min/max allowed time to charge from empty to full.

Storage Type: Select the type of storage on the craft. Used for storing
materials burned as fuel.

Q-Switches: At least one checkbox must be checked. Selected values are 
used to calculate Intensity and Damage Per Shot; the latter is used for
pendepth testing (see below).

Engine PPM: Engine Power Per Material, as shown ingame

Engine PPV: Engine Power Per Volume, as shown ingame

Engine PPC: Engine Power Per Cost, calculated by dividing power output by
block cost (in the stats tab)

Requires Fuel Access: Indicates engine will require fuel beams for access.
Check if using fuel engine or CJE.

Target Resistance: Fire resistance of target block.

Smoke Strength: Strength of smoke between laser and target. 1 full-strength
smoke dispenser = 25,000 smoke strength.

Planar Smoke Equivalent: Planar Shield Smoke equivalent, as shown ingame.

Require Pendepth: Check to enable Target Armor Scheme panel and to filter
lasers to include only those which can penetrate the given armor
configuration in a single hit. 0Q lasers cannot be filtered in this way.

Comma Decimal Separator: Select if your computer's region uses a comma
to separate the ones place from the tenths place (e.g., 1/10 = "0,1").
Used for formatting .csv output.

Test for cost/volume: Whether to compare damage per total system cost or 
volume. Includes laser components, materials burned as fuel, storage, fuel
access, and engine.

Test Interval: Used for calculating fuel storage costs.

---- OPTIMIZER OUTPUT ----
The optimizer output always begins with the test parameters entered by the 
user at runtime. Top laser(s), if any were found, will be listed below.

Component counts: Shows the number of each type of laser component.

Laser cost: Total cost of all laser components. Includes components listed
above, Multipurpose laser, Laser regulator, and one Laser coupler per stack.

Engine cost: Total cost of engine blocks.

Fuel access cost: Cost of fuel tanks needed to sustain engine output. Only 
applies if Requires Fuel Access was checked.

Fuel storage cost: Cost of storage blocks required to hold materials burned 
as fuel. Applies to all engines.

Materials burned as fuel: Materials consumed by engine to produce power.

Laser volume, &c, are same as cost, but for volume instead.

Engine power: Required power to sustain laser pumps.

Energy recharge/sec: Laser energy recharged per second.

Energy storage: Laser energy stored in all cavities.

Recharge time (sec): Time to charge laser cavities from empty to full.

Energy discharge/sec: Laser energy released per second. Assumes regulator.

Base Intensity: Intensity rating of laser.

Intensity after smoke: Effective Intensity after applying smoke penalty.

Damage per shot per combiner: 10% of laser energy storage per shot
(unregulated lasers are not supported by optimizer).

Sustained damage per second: Laser damage per second. Uses discharge rate or 
recharge rate, whichever is lower.

DPS per cost: Sustained damage per second divided by total cost.

DPS per volume: Sustained damage per second divided by total volume.
